Summer

July 20, 2021

Whoops, it's already something like a month into summer and I haven't posted in roughly a month and a half. I've been meaning to write this post for a while but I've always been lazy, oops.

School ended roughly a month ago; it was relatively uneventful. This was especially due to COVID, because I didn't even go to school in-person for the very last day because students alternated in going to school each day (and the other group was scheduled to go on the very last day). I went on the second-to-last-day but we pretty much did absolutely nothing; basically half of the kids in my class didn't show up and the teachers didn't have anything planned to do anyways. I just spent the entire chem class surfing AoPS and doing random other stuff on the internet, basically (except for AP CSA, the teacher played one of those random YouTube compilations of crazy drivers because we were all bored, don't ask).

Summer's been alright other than that, I guess. I've been sleeping in wayyy too much (I literally get up at like past 9:45 every morning) so I've been trying to get up earlier lately. I'm still lazy, whoops.

I got my braces off finally roughly a week ago, which was nice. I got my retainer as well, though, which was about 300x more intrusive than I thought it would be (it goes way farther back into my mouth than I thought it would), but I've gotten used to it by now. Honestly, I thought that I would be able to do so much stuff that I wasn't able to with my braces (such as eat food) but apparently I'm boring so there's basically been no change in my life except for the fact that there aren't massive blocks of metal in my teeth, lol.

By the way, there's a massive LOGIN/REGISTER button on the top right corner, but as of now creating an account does nothing, just so you're aware. Some people were asking me whether it saves scores on <a href="https://enigmatology.github.io/contest-mock" target="_blank">mock contest software</a> but as of now not yet. I'm hoping to get to that sometime soon, though!

That was kind of a lame update but to be honest nothing else is happening this summer except for getting up, eating, doing work, chilling for a bit, sleeping, and repeating, so there isn't much to say anymore. Hopefully I don't forget/become too lazy to write another blog post sometime within the next month.
