Reflections pt.2

June 6, 2021

I suppose time for a reflections part 2, because AP test part 2 is done, which also means that AP tests are done in general. AP World History Modern (I'm getting tired of typing all of that out but apparently CollegeBoard wants to introduce an AP World History Ancient or something??? Not sure whether it's just a rumor) was on Thursday 6/3 and it went quite well, to be honest. I could've gotten a lot less lucky with my prompts so I'm happy with that. I'm not going to say anything else just in case I'm not allowed to??? I doubt that it's still restricted but oh well, just to be sure.

Oh yeah, about my last blog post, I didn't get my braces out :P apparently there's over an 80% chance that I'll get them out this month though, so fingers crossed.

I've been trying to make some updates to my <a href="https://enigmatology.github.io/contest-mock" target="_blank">mock contest software</a> and it's been going well, I've finally had a chance to do some stuff with it now that the AP grind is over (although next year is going to be about 20x worse, we don't talk about that though :P). I added a settings function a week or so ago and an FAQ a couple days ago. I'm eyeing adding a feature that saves all past scores and stuff because it would be super cool if you didn't need to keep track of it yourself. Also a graph of your score trend sounds quite satisfying as well. I would need a backend function hoster in that case, though, and as it stands I don't have access to a free one because my school laptop doesn't allow downloading NodeJS and the server I'm using requires downloading it. However, I'll hopefully perhaps be able to work on it over the summer, if I'm lucky.

The new Reaper game started on AoPS today. I'm not planning on playing (at least hopefully, depending on how well my self-control goes). A 1-hour cooldown basically just sounds like a whole bunch of time wasted, so I'll try not to participate as intensely as I did for the past couple of games (although that admittedly wasn't very intense). Besides, you pretty much have to night reap in order to win a Reaper game and I'm not planning on doing that any time soon so at this point there's no point to try anyways.

School ends on the 22nd, which is exciting :D not really certain what I'm excited for other than the fact that I won't need to get up early or whatever, but still excited anyways, because, well, school is ending :P!

That's probably about it. If I think of anything else to put here I'll just edit it in. Other than that, see you next post :)
